[DOCS] Add top-level Data management section. (#64185)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/data-management.asciidoc

[role="xpack"]
[[data-management]]
= Data management

[partintro]
--
The data you store in {es} generally falls into one of two categories:

> * A collection of content you want to search such as a catalog of products

Reviewer: I believe the `collection` term is already established/taken in the industry when it comes to content/storing documents. `collection of content` sounds a bit odd to me as `content`, when it comes to storing data, already includes/implies multiple documents. 
I think we should just call it `content`

* A stream of continuously-generated time series data such as log entries

> Content collections might be frequently updated, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The content type of data might be frequently updated, 
```

> Content collections might be frequently updated, 

Author: ```suggestion
Content might be frequently updated, 
```

but the value of the content remains relatively constant over time. 
You want to be able to retrieve items quickly regardless of how old they are. 

> Time series data just keeps accumulating over time, so you need strategies for 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Time series data keeps accumulating over time, so we need strategies for 
```

> Time series data just keeps accumulating over time, so you need strategies for 

Author: ```suggestion
Time series data keeps accumulating over time, so you need strategies for 
```

balancing the value of the data against the cost of storing it. 
As it ages, it tends to become less important and less-frequently accessed, 

> so you can move it to less expensive, less performant hardware. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
so we can move it to less expensive, less performant hardware. 
```

Author: We generally avoid "we" in favor of "you" unless it's in the context of a recommendation.

For your oldest data, it doesn’t really matter how long queries take, 

> all that really matters is that you can access it. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
all that really matters is that we can access the data. 
```

> For your oldest data, it doesn’t really matter how long queries take, 
> all that really matters is that you can access it. 

Author: ```suggestion
For your oldest data, what matters is that you have access to the data. 
It's ok if queries take longer to complete.
```

> To help you manage your data, {es} enables you to:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To help you manage your data, {es} enables us to:
```
